5a-75b/hardware_V8.0.md, before:

Colorlight 5A-75B V8.0 Hardware
===============================


Components
----------

* Lattice ECP5 `LFE5U-25F-6BG256C` ([product page](https://www.latticesemi.com/Products/FPGAandCPLD/ECP5))
* Winbond `25Q32JVSIQ`, 32 Mbits SPI flash ([datasheet](datasheets/w25q32jv_spi_revc_08302016.pdf))
* 2x Realtek `RTL8211FD` Gigabit Ethernet PHYs ([datasheet](datasheets/RTL8211F-CG-RealtekMicroelectronics.pdf))
* 1x ESMT `M12L64322A` 2M 200MHz SDRAM (organized as 4 x 512k x 32bit) ([datasheet](datasheets/M12L64322A(2S).pdf))
* 12x `74HC245T` Octal Bidirectional Transceiver (used for level translation to 5V)


PCB overview
------------

![PCB front](images/cl-5a-75b-v80-front.jpg)
![PCB back](images/cl-5a-75b-v80-back.jpg)


Definitions
-----------


Power
-----


JTAG
----

JTAG is available on a 4-pin header next to the FPGA (U33). VCC/GND are available on a 2-pin header nearby.

| Pin | Function |
|-----|----------|
| J27 | TCK      |
| J31 | TMS      |
| J32 | TDI      |
| J30 | TDO      |
|     |          |
| J33 | *3.3V*   |
| J34 | *GND*    |


SPI Flash (U31)
---------------

| Flash Pin | FPGA Pin | Function | Notes |
|-----------|----------|----------|-------|
| 1         | N8       | CS#      |
| 2         | T7       | SO       |
| 3         | _na_     | WP#      | Wired to 3v3
| 4         | _na_     | GND      |
| 5         | T8       | SI       |
| 6         | FIXME    | SCK      |
| 7         | _na_     | Hold#    | Wired to 3v3
| 8         | _na_     | VCC      | Wired to 3v3



Connections
===========

Clock
-----

A 25 MHz clock is generated by phy1 (U13) and distributed to phy0 (U11) and FPGA (U33) pin P6.
NOTE: Do not reset the phy(s) if your gateware depend on clock on pin P6


LED, Button
-----------

There is a general purpose, FPGA controlled LED (DATA_LED-) at T6, active low (FPGA pin should be set to open drain).

Additionally, there is a button (R7, KEY+).

PAD N16 -> unpopulated R26


SDRAM U29
---------

The SDRAM is organized as 2Mx32.

| SDRAM Signal | FPGA Pin for U29 | Notes |
|--------------|------------------|-------|
| DQ0          | B2               |
| DQ1          | A2               |
| DQ2          | C3               |
| DQ3          | A3               |
| DQ4          | B3               |
| DQ5          | A4               |
| DQ6          | B4               |
| DQ7          | A5               |
| DQ8          | E7               |
| DQ9          | C6               |
| DQ10         | D7               |
| DQ11         | D6               |
| DQ12         | E6               |
| DQ13         | D5               |
| DQ14         | C5               |
| DQ15         | E5               |
| DQ16         | A11              |
| DQ17         | B11              |
| DQ18         | B12              |
| DQ19         | A13              |
| DQ20         | B13              |
| DQ21         | A14              |
| DQ22         | B14              |
| DQ23         | D14              |
| DQ24         | D13              |
| DQ25         | E11              |
| DQ26         | C13              |
| DQ27         | D11              |
| DQ28         | C12              |
| DQ29         | E10              |
| DQ30         | C11              |
| DQ31         | D10              |
| BA0          | B7               |
| BA1          | A8               |
| A0           | A9               |
| A1           | B9               |
| A2           | B10              |
| A3           | C10              |
| A4           | D9               |
| A5           | C9               |
| A6           | E9               |
| A7           | D8               |
| A8           | E8               |
| A9           | C7               |
| A10/AP       | B8               |
| DQM0         | _na_             | Wired to GND
| DQM1         | _na_             | Wired to GND
| DQM2         | _na_             | Wired to GND
| DQM3         | _na_             | Wired to GND
| WE#          | B5               |
| CAS#         | A6               |
| RAS#         | B6               |
| CS#          | _na_             | Wired to GND
| NC           | A7               |
| CKE          | _na_             | Wired to 3.3V
| CLK          | C8               |


Gigabit PHYs (U11 & U13)
------------------------

PHYRstB, MDC and MDIO are shared between phy0 and phy1.

| PHY Signal | FPGA Pin for U11 | FPGA Pin for U13 | Notes |
|------------|------------------|------------------|-------|
| PHYRstB    | R6               | R6               |
| MDC        | R5               | R5               |
| MDIO       | T4               | T4               |
| TXD3       | R1               | K15              |
| TXD2       | P1               | J14              |
| TXD1       | M1               | J15              |
| TXD0       | M2               | K16              |
| TXCTL      | L2               | K14              |
| TXC        | L1               | J16              |
| RXD3       | K3               | L16              | PhyAddr0
| RXD2       | K1               | L15              | PllOff
| RXD1       | J3               | R16              | TXDly
| RXD0       | K2               | M15              | RXDly
| RXCTL      | J2               | P16              | PhyAddr1
| RXC        | J1               | M16              | PhyAddr2
| INTB       | _na_             | _na_             |


HUB75 headers
-------------

Connector J1
--------------

| J1 Pin| HUB75 pin | FPGA Pin | FPGA Bank - Pin Functions         | Buffer  | Notes           |
|-------|-----------|----------|-----------------------------------|---------|-----------------|
| 1     | R0        |  C4      |                                   |         |                 |
| 2     | G0        |  D4      |                                   |         |                 |
| 3     | B0        |  E4      |                                   |         |                 |
| 4     | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                                 | *GND*   |                 |
| 5     | R1        |  D3      |                                   |         |                 |
| 6     | G1        |  F5      |                                   |         |                 |
| 7     | B1        |  E3      | Bank 3 - PR47D - *LRC_GPLL0C_IN*  |         |                 |
| 8     | E         |  N4      |                                   |         |                 |
| 9     | A         |  N5      | Bank 6 - *PL44D*                  |         |                 |
| 10    | B         |  N3      | Bank 6 - PL35D                    |         |                 |
| 11    | C         |  P3      | Bank 6 - *PL38B*                  |         |                 |
| 12    | D         |  P4      | Bank 6 - PL41A                    |         |                 |
| 13    | CLK       |  M3      | Bank 6 - PL32D                    |         |                 |
| 14    | STB       |  N1      | Bank 6 - PL32A                    |         |                 |
| 15    | OE        |  M4      | Bank 6 - PL35C                    |         |                 |
| 16    | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                                 | *GND*   |                 |


Connector J2
--------------

| J2 Pin| HUB75 pin | FPGA Pin | FPGA Bank - Pin Functions     | Buffer  | Notes           |
|-------|-----------|----------|-------------------------------|---------|-----------------|
| 1     | R0        |  F1      |                               |         |                 |
| 2     | G0        |  F2      |                               |         |                 |
| 3     | B0        |  G2      |                               |         |                 |
| 4     | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                             | *GND*   |                 |
| 5     | R1        |  G1      |                               |         |                 |
| 6     | G1        |  H2      |                               |         |                 |
| 7     | B1        |  H3      |                               |         |                 |
| 8     | E         |  N4      |                               |         |                 |
| 9     | A         |  N5      | Bank 6 - *PL44D*              |         |                 |
| 10    | B         |  N3      | Bank 6 - PL35D                |         |                 |
| 11    | C         |  P3      | Bank 6 - *PL38B*              |         |                 |
| 12    | D         |  P4      | Bank 6 - PL41A                |         |                 |
| 13    | CLK       |  M3      | Bank 6 - PL32D                |         |                 |
| 14    | STB       |  N1      | Bank 6 - PL32A                |         |                 |
| 15    | OE        |  M4      | Bank 6 - PL35C                |         |                 |
| 16    | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                             | *GND*   |                 |



Connector J3
--------------

| J3 Pin| HUB75 pin | FPGA Pin | FPGA Bank - Pin Functions     | Buffer  | Notes           |
|-------|-----------|----------|-------------------------------|---------|-----------------|
| 1     | R0        |  B1      |                               |         |                 |
| 2     | G0        |  C2      |                               |         |                 |
| 3     | B0        |  C1      |                               |         |                 |
| 4     | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                             | *GND*   |                 |
| 5     | R1        |  D1      |                               |         |                 |
| 6     | G1        |  E2      |                               |         |                 |
| 7     | B1        |  E1      |                               |         |                 |
| 8     | E         |  N4      |                               |         |                 |
| 9     | A         |  N5      | Bank 6 - *PL44D*              |         |                 |
| 10    | B         |  N3      | Bank 6 - PL35D                |         |                 |
| 11    | C         |  P3      | Bank 6 - *PL38B*              |         |                 |
| 12    | D         |  P4      | Bank 6 - PL41A                |         |                 |
| 13    | CLK       |  M3      | Bank 6 - PL32D                |         |                 |
| 14    | STB       |  N1      | Bank 6 - PL32A                |         |                 |
| 15    | OE        |  M4      | Bank 6 - PL35C                |         |                 |
| 16    | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                             | *GND*   |                 |



Connector J4
--------------

| J4 Pin| HUB75 pin | FPGA Pin | FPGA Bank - Pin Functions     | Buffer  | Notes           |
|-------|-----------|----------|-------------------------------|---------|-----------------|
| 1     | R0        |  P5      |                               |         |                 |
| 2     | G0        |  R3      |                               |         |                 |
| 3     | B0        |  P2      |                               |         |                 |
| 4     | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                             | *GND*   |                 |
| 5     | R1        |  R2      |                               |         |                 |
| 6     | G1        |  T2      |                               |         |                 |
| 7     | B1        |  N6      |                               |         |                 |
| 8     | E         |  N4      |                               |         |                 |
| 9     | A         |  N5      | Bank 6 - *PL44D*              |         |                 |
| 10    | B         |  N3      | Bank 6 - PL35D                |         |                 |
| 11    | C         |  P3      | Bank 6 - *PL38B*              |         |                 |
| 12    | D         |  P4      | Bank 6 - PL41A                |         |                 |
| 13    | CLK       |  M3      | Bank 6 - PL32D                |         |                 |
| 14    | STB       |  N1      | Bank 6 - PL32A                |         |                 |
| 15    | OE        |  M4      | Bank 6 - PL35C                |         |                 |
| 16    | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                             | *GND*   |                 |


Connector J5
--------------

| J5 Pin| HUB75 pin | FPGA Pin | FPGA Bank - Pin Functions     | Buffer  | Notes           |
|-------|-----------|----------|-------------------------------|---------|-----------------|
| 1     | R0        |  T13     |                               |         |                 |
| 2     | G0        |  R12     |                               |         |                 |
| 3     | B0        |  R13     |                               |         |                 |
| 4     | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                             | *GND*   |                 |
| 5     | R1        |  R14     |                               |         |                 |
| 6     | G1        |  T14     |                               |         |                 |
| 7     | B1        |  P12     |                               |         |                 |
| 8     | E         |  N4      |                               |         |                 |
| 9     | A         |  N5      | Bank 6 - *PL44D*              |         |                 |
| 10    | B         |  N3      | Bank 6 - PL35D                |         |                 |
| 11    | C         |  P3      | Bank 6 - *PL38B*              |         |                 |
| 12    | D         |  P4      | Bank 6 - PL41A                |         |                 |
| 13    | CLK       |  M3      | Bank 6 - PL32D                |         |                 |
| 14    | STB       |  N1      | Bank 6 - PL32A                |         |                 |
| 15    | OE        |  M4      | Bank 6 - PL35C                |         |                 |
| 16    | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                             | *GND*   |                 |



Connector J6
--------------

| J6 Pin| HUB75 pin | FPGA Pin | FPGA Bank - Pin Functions     | Buffer  | Notes           |
|-------|-----------|----------|-------------------------------|---------|-----------------|
| 1     | R0        |  R15     |                               |         |                 |
| 2     | G0        |  T15     |                               |         |                 |
| 3     | B0        |  P13     |                               |         |                 |
| 4     | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                             | *GND*   |                 |
| 5     | R1        |  P14     |                               |         |                 |
| 6     | G1        |  N14     |                               |         |                 |
| 7     | B1        |  H15     |                               |         |                 |
| 8     | E         |  N4      |                               |         |                 |
| 9     | A         |  N5      | Bank 6 - *PL44D*              |         |                 |
| 10    | B         |  N3      | Bank 6 - PL35D                |         |                 |
| 11    | C         |  P3      | Bank 6 - *PL38B*              |         |                 |
| 12    | D         |  P4      | Bank 6 - PL41A                |         |                 |
| 13    | CLK       |  M3      | Bank 6 - PL32D                |         |                 |
| 14    | STB       |  N1      | Bank 6 - PL32A                |         |                 |
| 15    | OE        |  M4      | Bank 6 - PL35C                |         |                 |
| 16    | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                             | *GND*   |                 |


Connector J7
--------------

| J7 Pin| HUB75 pin | FPGA Pin | FPGA Bank - Pin Functions     | Buffer  | Notes           |
|-------|-----------|----------|-------------------------------|---------|-----------------|
| 1     | R0        |  G16     |                               |         |                 |
| 2     | G0        |  H14     |                               |         |                 |
| 3     | B0        |  G15     |                               |         |                 |
| 4     | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                             | *GND*   |                 |
| 5     | R1        |  F15     |                               |         |                 |
| 6     | G1        |  F16     |                               |         |                 |
| 7     | B1        |  E16     |                               |         |                 |
| 8     | E         |  N4      |                               |         |                 |
| 9     | A         |  N5      | Bank 6 - *PL44D*              |         |                 |
| 10    | B         |  N3      | Bank 6 - PL35D                |         |                 |
| 11    | C         |  P3      | Bank 6 - *PL38B*              |         |                 |
| 12    | D         |  P4      | Bank 6 - PL41A                |         |                 |
| 13    | CLK       |  M3      | Bank 6 - PL32D                |         |                 |
| 14    | STB       |  N1      | Bank 6 - PL32A                |         |                 |
| 15    | OE        |  M4      | Bank 6 - PL35C                |         |                 |
| 16    | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                             | *GND*   |                 |



Connector J8
--------------

| J8 Pin| HUB75 pin | FPGA Pin | FPGA Bank - Pin Functions     | Buffer  | Notes           |
|-------|-----------|----------|-------------------------------|---------|-----------------|
| 1     | R0        |  D16     |                               |         |                 |
| 2     | G0        |  E15     |                               |         |                 |
| 3     | B0        |  C16     |                               |         |                 |
| 4     | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                             | *GND*   |                 |
| 5     | R1        |  B16     |                               |         |                 |
| 6     | G1        |  C15     |                               |         |                 |
| 7     | B1        |  B15     |                               |         |                 |
| 8     | E         |  N4      |                               |         |                 |
| 9     | A         |  N5      | Bank 6 - *PL44D*              |         |                 |
| 10    | B         |  N3      | Bank 6 - PL35D                |         |                 |
| 11    | C         |  P3      | Bank 6 - *PL38B*              |         |                 |
| 12    | D         |  P4      | Bank 6 - PL41A                |         |                 |
| 13    | CLK       |  M3      | Bank 6 - PL32D                |         |                 |
| 14    | STB       |  N1      | Bank 6 - PL32A                |         |                 |
| 15    | OE        |  M4      | Bank 6 - PL35C                |         |                 |
| 16    | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                             | *GND*   |                 |

Commit message:

Update 5a-75b/hardware_V8.0.md: Add power supply details, bidirectional IO modification

5a-75b/hardware_V8.0.md, after:

Colorlight 5A-75B V8.0 Hardware
===============================


Components
----------

* Lattice ECP5 `LFE5U-25F-6BG256C` ([product page](https://www.latticesemi.com/Products/FPGAandCPLD/ECP5))
* Winbond `25Q32JVSIQ`, 32 Mbits SPI flash ([datasheet](datasheets/w25q32jv_spi_revc_08302016.pdf))
* 2x Realtek `RTL8211FD` Gigabit Ethernet PHYs ([datasheet](datasheets/RTL8211F-CG-RealtekMicroelectronics.pdf))
* 1x ESMT `M12L64322A` 2M 200MHz SDRAM (organized as 4 x 512k x 32bit) ([datasheet](datasheets/M12L64322A(2S).pdf))
* 12x `74HC245T` Octal Bidirectional Transceiver (used for level translation to 5V)


PCB overview
------------

![PCB front](images/cl-5a-75b-v80-front.jpg)
![PCB back](images/cl-5a-75b-v80-back.jpg)


Definitions
-----------


Power
-----
The maximum voltage at the 5V input is 5.5V, due to the buck converters used.
The 5V rail directly feeds only the FPGA power supplies and the 74HC245T output level shifters.
FPGA power is supplied by 3 buck converters. They are compatible with a TI TLV62565/6 in a SOT23-5 package.

| Buck converter | Vout | Rail | Description               |
|----------------|------|------|---------------------------|
| U34            |1.1V  | Vcc  | Core supply voltage       |
| U37            |1.0V  | Vref | Reference voltage         |
| U38            |3.3V  | Vccio| I/O Driver supply voltage and 3.3V for the rest of the board |


JTAG
----

JTAG is available on a 4-pin header next to the FPGA (U33). VCC/GND are available on a 2-pin header nearby.

| Pin | Function |
|-----|----------|
| J27 | TCK      |
| J31 | TMS      |
| J32 | TDI      |
| J30 | TDO      |
|     |          |
| J33 | *3.3V*   |
| J34 | *GND*    |


SPI Flash (U31)
---------------

| Flash Pin | FPGA Pin | Function | Notes |
|-----------|----------|----------|-------|
| 1         | N8       | CS#      |
| 2         | T7       | SO       |
| 3         | _na_     | WP#      | Wired to 3v3
| 4         | _na_     | GND      |
| 5         | T8       | SI       |
| 6         | FIXME    | SCK      |
| 7         | _na_     | Hold#    | Wired to 3v3
| 8         | _na_     | VCC      | Wired to 3v3



Connections
===========

Clock
-----

A 25 MHz clock is generated by phy1 (U13) and distributed to phy0 (U11) and FPGA (U33) pin P6.
NOTE: Do not reset the phy(s) if your gateware depend on clock on pin P6


LED, Button
-----------

There is a general purpose, FPGA controlled LED (DATA_LED-) at T6, active low (FPGA pin should be set to open drain).

Additionally, there is a button (R7, KEY+).

PAD N16 -> unpopulated R26


SDRAM U29
---------

The SDRAM is organized as 2Mx32.

| SDRAM Signal | FPGA Pin for U29 | Notes |
|--------------|------------------|-------|
| DQ0          | B2               |
| DQ1          | A2               |
| DQ2          | C3               |
| DQ3          | A3               |
| DQ4          | B3               |
| DQ5          | A4               |
| DQ6          | B4               |
| DQ7          | A5               |
| DQ8          | E7               |
| DQ9          | C6               |
| DQ10         | D7               |
| DQ11         | D6               |
| DQ12         | E6               |
| DQ13         | D5               |
| DQ14         | C5               |
| DQ15         | E5               |
| DQ16         | A11              |
| DQ17         | B11              |
| DQ18         | B12              |
| DQ19         | A13              |
| DQ20         | B13              |
| DQ21         | A14              |
| DQ22         | B14              |
| DQ23         | D14              |
| DQ24         | D13              |
| DQ25         | E11              |
| DQ26         | C13              |
| DQ27         | D11              |
| DQ28         | C12              |
| DQ29         | E10              |
| DQ30         | C11              |
| DQ31         | D10              |
| BA0          | B7               |
| BA1          | A8               |
| A0           | A9               |
| A1           | B9               |
| A2           | B10              |
| A3           | C10              |
| A4           | D9               |
| A5           | C9               |
| A6           | E9               |
| A7           | D8               |
| A8           | E8               |
| A9           | C7               |
| A10/AP       | B8               |
| DQM0         | _na_             | Wired to GND
| DQM1         | _na_             | Wired to GND
| DQM2         | _na_             | Wired to GND
| DQM3         | _na_             | Wired to GND
| WE#          | B5               |
| CAS#         | A6               |
| RAS#         | B6               |
| CS#          | _na_             | Wired to GND
| NC           | A7               |
| CKE          | _na_             | Wired to 3.3V
| CLK          | C8               |


Gigabit PHYs (U11 & U13)
------------------------

PHYRstB, MDC and MDIO are shared between phy0 and phy1.

| PHY Signal | FPGA Pin for U11 | FPGA Pin for U13 | Notes |
|------------|------------------|------------------|-------|
| PHYRstB    | R6               | R6               |
| MDC        | R5               | R5               |
| MDIO       | T4               | T4               |
| TXD3       | R1               | K15              |
| TXD2       | P1               | J14              |
| TXD1       | M1               | J15              |
| TXD0       | M2               | K16              |
| TXCTL      | L2               | K14              |
| TXC        | L1               | J16              |
| RXD3       | K3               | L16              | PhyAddr0
| RXD2       | K1               | L15              | PllOff
| RXD1       | J3               | R16              | TXDly
| RXD0       | K2               | M15              | RXDly
| RXCTL      | J2               | P16              | PhyAddr1
| RXC        | J1               | M16              | PhyAddr2
| INTB       | _na_             | _na_             |


HUB75 headers
-------------

It is possible to replace the 74HC245T output drivers with pin-compatible SN74CBT3245A octal fet bus switches to allow for bidirectional I/O. Note that the output drivers are powered from 5V, so the only protection when using 5V I/O are the resistor packs. ECP5 FPGA does not have 5V tolerant I/O.

Connector J1
--------------

| J1 Pin| HUB75 pin | FPGA Pin | FPGA Bank - Pin Functions         | Buffer  | Notes           |
|-------|-----------|----------|-----------------------------------|---------|-----------------|
| 1     | R0        |  C4      |                                   |         |                 |
| 2     | G0        |  D4      |                                   |         |                 |
| 3     | B0        |  E4      |                                   |         |                 |
| 4     | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                                 | *GND*   |                 |
| 5     | R1        |  D3      |                                   |         |                 |
| 6     | G1        |  F5      |                                   |         |                 |
| 7     | B1        |  E3      | Bank 3 - PR47D - *LRC_GPLL0C_IN*  |         |                 |
| 8     | E         |  N4      |                                   |         |                 |
| 9     | A         |  N5      | Bank 6 - *PL44D*                  |         |                 |
| 10    | B         |  N3      | Bank 6 - PL35D                    |         |                 |
| 11    | C         |  P3      | Bank 6 - *PL38B*                  |         |                 |
| 12    | D         |  P4      | Bank 6 - PL41A                    |         |                 |
| 13    | CLK       |  M3      | Bank 6 - PL32D                    |         |                 |
| 14    | STB       |  N1      | Bank 6 - PL32A                    |         |                 |
| 15    | OE        |  M4      | Bank 6 - PL35C                    |         |                 |
| 16    | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                                 | *GND*   |                 |


Connector J2
--------------

| J2 Pin| HUB75 pin | FPGA Pin | FPGA Bank - Pin Functions     | Buffer  | Notes           |
|-------|-----------|----------|-------------------------------|---------|-----------------|
| 1     | R0        |  F1      |                               |         |                 |
| 2     | G0        |  F2      |                               |         |                 |
| 3     | B0        |  G2      |                               |         |                 |
| 4     | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                             | *GND*   |                 |
| 5     | R1        |  G1      |                               |         |                 |
| 6     | G1        |  H2      |                               |         |                 |
| 7     | B1        |  H3      |                               |         |                 |
| 8     | E         |  N4      |                               |         |                 |
| 9     | A         |  N5      | Bank 6 - *PL44D*              |         |                 |
| 10    | B         |  N3      | Bank 6 - PL35D                |         |                 |
| 11    | C         |  P3      | Bank 6 - *PL38B*              |         |                 |
| 12    | D         |  P4      | Bank 6 - PL41A                |         |                 |
| 13    | CLK       |  M3      | Bank 6 - PL32D                |         |                 |
| 14    | STB       |  N1      | Bank 6 - PL32A                |         |                 |
| 15    | OE        |  M4      | Bank 6 - PL35C                |         |                 |
| 16    | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                             | *GND*   |                 |



Connector J3
--------------

| J3 Pin| HUB75 pin | FPGA Pin | FPGA Bank - Pin Functions     | Buffer  | Notes           |
|-------|-----------|----------|-------------------------------|---------|-----------------|
| 1     | R0        |  B1      |                               |         |                 |
| 2     | G0        |  C2      |                               |         |                 |
| 3     | B0        |  C1      |                               |         |                 |
| 4     | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                             | *GND*   |                 |
| 5     | R1        |  D1      |                               |         |                 |
| 6     | G1        |  E2      |                               |         |                 |
| 7     | B1        |  E1      |                               |         |                 |
| 8     | E         |  N4      |                               |         |                 |
| 9     | A         |  N5      | Bank 6 - *PL44D*              |         |                 |
| 10    | B         |  N3      | Bank 6 - PL35D                |         |                 |
| 11    | C         |  P3      | Bank 6 - *PL38B*              |         |                 |
| 12    | D         |  P4      | Bank 6 - PL41A                |         |                 |
| 13    | CLK       |  M3      | Bank 6 - PL32D                |         |                 |
| 14    | STB       |  N1      | Bank 6 - PL32A                |         |                 |
| 15    | OE        |  M4      | Bank 6 - PL35C                |         |                 |
| 16    | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                             | *GND*   |                 |



Connector J4
--------------

| J4 Pin| HUB75 pin | FPGA Pin | FPGA Bank - Pin Functions     | Buffer  | Notes           |
|-------|-----------|----------|-------------------------------|---------|-----------------|
| 1     | R0        |  P5      |                               |         |                 |
| 2     | G0        |  R3      |                               |         |                 |
| 3     | B0        |  P2      |                               |         |                 |
| 4     | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                             | *GND*   |                 |
| 5     | R1        |  R2      |                               |         |                 |
| 6     | G1        |  T2      |                               |         |                 |
| 7     | B1        |  N6      |                               |         |                 |
| 8     | E         |  N4      |                               |         |                 |
| 9     | A         |  N5      | Bank 6 - *PL44D*              |         |                 |
| 10    | B         |  N3      | Bank 6 - PL35D                |         |                 |
| 11    | C         |  P3      | Bank 6 - *PL38B*              |         |                 |
| 12    | D         |  P4      | Bank 6 - PL41A                |         |                 |
| 13    | CLK       |  M3      | Bank 6 - PL32D                |         |                 |
| 14    | STB       |  N1      | Bank 6 - PL32A                |         |                 |
| 15    | OE        |  M4      | Bank 6 - PL35C                |         |                 |
| 16    | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                             | *GND*   |                 |


Connector J5
--------------

| J5 Pin| HUB75 pin | FPGA Pin | FPGA Bank - Pin Functions     | Buffer  | Notes           |
|-------|-----------|----------|-------------------------------|---------|-----------------|
| 1     | R0        |  T13     |                               |         |                 |
| 2     | G0        |  R12     |                               |         |                 |
| 3     | B0        |  R13     |                               |         |                 |
| 4     | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                             | *GND*   |                 |
| 5     | R1        |  R14     |                               |         |                 |
| 6     | G1        |  T14     |                               |         |                 |
| 7     | B1        |  P12     |                               |         |                 |
| 8     | E         |  N4      |                               |         |                 |
| 9     | A         |  N5      | Bank 6 - *PL44D*              |         |                 |
| 10    | B         |  N3      | Bank 6 - PL35D                |         |                 |
| 11    | C         |  P3      | Bank 6 - *PL38B*              |         |                 |
| 12    | D         |  P4      | Bank 6 - PL41A                |         |                 |
| 13    | CLK       |  M3      | Bank 6 - PL32D                |         |                 |
| 14    | STB       |  N1      | Bank 6 - PL32A                |         |                 |
| 15    | OE        |  M4      | Bank 6 - PL35C                |         |                 |
| 16    | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                             | *GND*   |                 |



Connector J6
--------------

| J6 Pin| HUB75 pin | FPGA Pin | FPGA Bank - Pin Functions     | Buffer  | Notes           |
|-------|-----------|----------|-------------------------------|---------|-----------------|
| 1     | R0        |  R15     |                               |         |                 |
| 2     | G0        |  T15     |                               |         |                 |
| 3     | B0        |  P13     |                               |         |                 |
| 4     | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                             | *GND*   |                 |
| 5     | R1        |  P14     |                               |         |                 |
| 6     | G1        |  N14     |                               |         |                 |
| 7     | B1        |  H15     |                               |         |                 |
| 8     | E         |  N4      |                               |         |                 |
| 9     | A         |  N5      | Bank 6 - *PL44D*              |         |                 |
| 10    | B         |  N3      | Bank 6 - PL35D                |         |                 |
| 11    | C         |  P3      | Bank 6 - *PL38B*              |         |                 |
| 12    | D         |  P4      | Bank 6 - PL41A                |         |                 |
| 13    | CLK       |  M3      | Bank 6 - PL32D                |         |                 |
| 14    | STB       |  N1      | Bank 6 - PL32A                |         |                 |
| 15    | OE        |  M4      | Bank 6 - PL35C                |         |                 |
| 16    | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                             | *GND*   |                 |


Connector J7
--------------

| J7 Pin| HUB75 pin | FPGA Pin | FPGA Bank - Pin Functions     | Buffer  | Notes           |
|-------|-----------|----------|-------------------------------|---------|-----------------|
| 1     | R0        |  G16     |                               |         |                 |
| 2     | G0        |  H14     |                               |         |                 |
| 3     | B0        |  G15     |                               |         |                 |
| 4     | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                             | *GND*   |                 |
| 5     | R1        |  F15     |                               |         |                 |
| 6     | G1        |  F16     |                               |         |                 |
| 7     | B1        |  E16     |                               |         |                 |
| 8     | E         |  N4      |                               |         |                 |
| 9     | A         |  N5      | Bank 6 - *PL44D*              |         |                 |
| 10    | B         |  N3      | Bank 6 - PL35D                |         |                 |
| 11    | C         |  P3      | Bank 6 - *PL38B*              |         |                 |
| 12    | D         |  P4      | Bank 6 - PL41A                |         |                 |
| 13    | CLK       |  M3      | Bank 6 - PL32D                |         |                 |
| 14    | STB       |  N1      | Bank 6 - PL32A                |         |                 |
| 15    | OE        |  M4      | Bank 6 - PL35C                |         |                 |
| 16    | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                             | *GND*   |                 |



Connector J8
--------------

| J8 Pin| HUB75 pin | FPGA Pin | FPGA Bank - Pin Functions     | Buffer  | Notes           |
|-------|-----------|----------|-------------------------------|---------|-----------------|
| 1     | R0        |  D16     |                               |         |                 |
| 2     | G0        |  E15     |                               |         |                 |
| 3     | B0        |  C16     |                               |         |                 |
| 4     | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                             | *GND*   |                 |
| 5     | R1        |  B16     |                               |         |                 |
| 6     | G1        |  C15     |                               |         |                 |
| 7     | B1        |  B15     |                               |         |                 |
| 8     | E         |  N4      |                               |         |                 |
| 9     | A         |  N5      | Bank 6 - *PL44D*              |         |                 |
| 10    | B         |  N3      | Bank 6 - PL35D                |         |                 |
| 11    | C         |  P3      | Bank 6 - *PL38B*              |         |                 |
| 12    | D         |  P4      | Bank 6 - PL41A                |         |                 |
| 13    | CLK       |  M3      | Bank 6 - PL32D                |         |                 |
| 14    | STB       |  N1      | Bank 6 - PL32A                |         |                 |
| 15    | OE        |  M4      | Bank 6 - PL35C                |         |                 |
| 16    | *GND*     |  *GND*   | -                             | *GND*   |                 |
